


17.	Don’t wait to buy real estate, buy real estate and wait.

18.	It’s not about the money, though that’s nice to have. At the end of the day it’s really about matching the right buyer to the right sellers. We are matchmakers!!!


19.	There’s something permanent and something extremely profound in owning a house.

20.	The house you looked at today and want to think about until tomorrow might be the same house someone looked at yesterday and will buy today.

21.	Don’t think of cost, think of value.

22.	Buy land, they aren’t making any more of it.


24.	You’re never too young to dream big!!!

25.	Twenty years from now you’ll be more disappointed by the things you did not do than the things you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails, explore dream and discover.


26.	Price is what you pay, value is what you get.

27.	Never settle for less than you deserve.

28.	I‘m pretty sure it’s a great time to go out and buy a house. And if you do, in ten years you’re going to look back and say “you know, I’m glad I listened to Donald Trump”  -Donald Trump       

29.	Do something today that your future self will thank you 

      
30.	The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are not to be questioned.

31.	Start doing what’s necessary, then do what’s possible; and then suddenly you’re doing the impossible.
32.	Success in real estate starts with you believing you’re worthy of it.

33.	Stupidity is when you have a land rover plus land cruiser and still have a landlord. Wise up!


34.	Choose imagination over procrastination, action over stagnation, and will over won’t. Choose to live for, not simply live through.

35.	It’s better to be criticized by a wise person, than to be praised by a fool.

36.	The secret of getting ahead is getting started.

37.	Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
38.	There have been few things in my life which have had a more genial effect on my mind than the possession of a piece of land. 


39.	Find out where the people are going and buy the land before they get there. 



BECOME THE NEXT MILLIONAIRE 

1.	Ninety percent of all millionaires become so through owning real estate.

2.	 More money has been made in real estate than in all industrial investment combined.
3.	 The wise young man or wage earner of today invests his money in real estate.

4.	Buying real estate is not only the best way, the quickest way, the safest way, but the only way to become wealthy.

5.	The most expensive piece of real estate is the six inches between your right and left ear. It’s what you create in that area that determines your wealth. We are only really limited by our mind.


6.	There’s always opportunity in real estate, it is just a matter of finding that opportunity in the current market.

7.	Real estate investing, even on a very small scale, remains a tried and true means of building an individual’s cash flow and wealth.


8.	Every person who invests in well-selected real estate in a growing section of a prosperous community adopts the surest and safest method of becoming independent, for real estate is the basis of 
9.	The major fortunes in America have been made in land.

10.	Real estate investing is unique in that it’s almost as much as a career or a way of life as it is a form of investing. Indeed, the fact that real estate involves so much sweat, equity makes it unique among other investments.

11.	In real estate, you make 10% of your money because you’re a genius and 90% because you catch a great wave.

12.	I have a real estate development company, I have investment in all sort of things. And I dabble all over the place.
13.	It's not whether you're right or wrong that's important, but how much money you make when you're right and how much you lose when you're wrong.

14.	Landlords grow rich in their sleep without working..." -John Stuart Mill

15.	Stop searching for treasure, the real treasure is in real estate.

16.	The rich buy assets. The poor only have expenses. The middle class buy liabilities they think are assets.

17.	I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well. THINK BIG!”– Donald Trump

18.	Never depend on a single income. Make investments to create a second source.” – Warren Buffet

19.	You will come to know that what appears today to be a sacrifice will prove instead to be the greatest investment that you will ever make.” – Gordon B. Hickey 

20.	Real estate is at the core of almost every business, and it’s certainly at the core of most people’s wealth.

21.	In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts, you need to know about real estate.

22.	“How many millionaires do you know who have become wealthy by investing in savings accounts? I rest my case.” – Robert G. Allen

23.	“I still think buying a home is the best investment any individual can make.” – John Paulson, billionaire

24.	If you’re not going to put money in real estate, where else?” – Tamir Sapir

25.	Go for a business that any idiot can run – because sooner or later, any idiot probably is going to run it.

26.	I have always liked real estate; farm land, pasture land, timber land and city property. I have had experience with all of them. I guess I just naturally like ‘the good Earth,’ the foundation of all our wealth.” – Jesse Jones

27.	Progress always involves risk. You can’t steal 2nd base and keep your foot on 1st.” – Fred Wilcox

28.	“Tough times don’t last. Tough people do. – Dr Schuller

29.	“Investing should be like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement…go to Las Vegas.” Paul Samuelson

30.	Successful investing professionals are disciplined and consistent and they think a great deal about what they do and how they do it.” Benjamin Graham

31.	“The small landholders are the most precious part of a state.”-Thomas Jefferson

32.	A lot of wealthiest people on the planet, have either become wealthy from real estate or they later invested in real estate to keep their wealth.

33.	There is no failure in real estate, you win or you learn.

34.	It is not that we have too little time to do all the things we need to do, it is that we feel to do 100 many things in the time we have.

35.	The most important thing isn’t about having a million dollars in your bank. That million dollars can come, that million dollars can go, a much better thing to create is a consistent cash flow.

36.	The wise young man or wage earner of today invests his money in real estate.



















Features of real estate

1.	Real estate is the art of becoming a valuable advisor, not a salesperson. 

2.	In real estate business you learn more about people, and you learn  more about community issues, you learn  more about life, you learn more about the impact of government, probably than any other profession that I know of.

3.	A funny thing happens in real estate. When it comes back, it comes back up like gangbusters.
4.	What we call real estate is the solid ground to build a house on, it’s the broad foundation on which nearly all the guilt of this world rests.
5.	Real estate practice is not about selling or buying a home. It’s about representing your client’s greatest asset to your clients greatest benefit.
6.	 The land is the only thing in the world worth working for, worth fighting for, worth dying for, because it’s the only thing that lasts.

7.	Real estate is the key cost of physical retailers. That’s why there’s the old saw: location, location, location. 

8.	 I view real estate as the most intriguing opportunity that I’ve seen in my business lifetime.

9.	Real estate deals a lot with the government. It isn’t like manufacturing, logistics, home appliances or the auto sector, which deal with consumers.

10.	Domain names and websites are Internet real estate.


11.	Owning a house is the most desirable thing for all. It acts as fiscal wealth and mental security.

12.	Our mission is to give real estate agents the recognition they deserve by giving their clients a voice and a platform in which consumers can read reviews from others’ experience.

13.	Real estate is a smart investment to make, a safe investment, it’s one of the investments where you’re pretty guaranteed to get a return on your money.


14.	The problem with real estate is it’s local, you have to understand the local market.

15.	To give real service, you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that’s sincerity and integrity

16.

17.	To be successful in real estate, you must always and consistently put your clients' best interests first. When you do, your personal needs will be realized beyond your greatest expectations.

18.	Look at market fluctuations as your friend rather than your enemy; profit from folly rather than participate in it.

19.	Buyers decide in the first eight seconds of seeing a home if they’re interested in buying it. Get out of your car, walk in their shoes and see what they see within the first eight seconds.

20.	. Real estate is a contact sport.

21.	. With real estate, it’s location, location, location. In public speaking, it’s acoustics, acoustics, acoustics.

22.	Rule No. 1: Never lose money. Rule No. 2: Never forget rule No.1 – Warren Buffett.

23.	Commercial real estate always trails residential, and as residential growth flourishes, shopping centers flourish and service the communities and jobs comes out.

24.	Markets always change, and as soon as there is downturns, cleanliness becomes a major value.

25.	Choose your customers, choose your future.

26.	Never forget why you started.

27.	Never count on making a good sale, have the purchase price, and remain attractive.

28.	Always deliver more than expected.

29.	Create lasting wealth with real estate.

30.	Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do!!!

31.	You have to believe it before you see it.

32.	There’s no magic bullet, it’s about working hard and having the right types of market exposure.

33.	You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens.

34.	You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.

35.	A  somebody was once a nobody who wanted to do and did.

36.	Don’t regret the past, learn from it.

Our services

1.	The best compliment you can give is a referral 


3.	A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all.

4.	Sometimes the key to happiness is finding the key to the right home. Let me help you look for it.

5.	Free time is precious, don’t waste it.


6.	Welcome, look around, ask questions. See yourself living here, fall in love and make an offer.

7.	Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. Make that decision of getting a home for yourself now!!!




10.	Find out where the people are going to buy the land before they get there.
11.	I am basically a full-time psychologist who shows houses every now and then.
12.	
13.	
15.	161. Why, yes … that’d be fantastic if your parents, grandmother, and second cousin came along while I showed you houses today.
16.	
17.	162. “There have been few things in my life which have had a more genial effect on my mind than the possession of a piece of land.
20.	 Innovation is powerful…execution is worshipped.
22.	 I always felt very secure and very safe with real estate. Real estate appreciates.
24.	I view real estate as the most intriguing opportunity that I’ve seen in my business lifetime. 
25.	It’s not about the money, though that’s nice to have. At the end of the day, it’s really about matching the right buyer to the right seller. We’re matchmakers.

28.	We are meeting an important need by offering our high-end comprehensive real estate services to clients.



31.	When getting help with money, whether it is insurance, real estate, or investments you should always look for a person with the heart 